There is a growing list of automatically quantified aspects of our lives. Even the tasks we performed before the industrial revolution (human conversation, walking, pumping blood) are commonly quantified in data. As sensors and processing continue to grow smaller, cheaper and faster, trends would lead us to believe more and more intimate and detailed aspects of our lives will be commonly included in this inevitable quantification of self. Despite the growth of collected personal data we rarely come to interact with this definitive reflection of ourselves. This data, most often used by the targeted advertising industry, can tell us who we are, how we spend our time and with whom we spend it. When we do have interactions with this digital reflection, it is often through digital dashboards made to provide insight into a single dimension of lives. Be it a step counter in our Fitbit app, our monthly transaction history in our banking application, or our WhatsApp chat history with our friends, family and business associates. Separately, these data streams can help us reflect on our daily activity, spending behaviours and sociability; together they can reveal a comprehensive reflection of ourselves and our daily lives. My thesis asks: ‘What if all these singular dimensions were available in a comprehensive dashboard?’. Allowing the user to probe aspects of their personal life through correlations in these data streams. Allowing them to compare and contrast their dashboards with others. My hypothesis is that a biomimetic avatar for a user’s daily behavior can foster a new appreciation and relationship between any user of modern technology and the data exhaust byproduct their interaction with that technology inevitably produces. In light of recent shift in zeitgeist following news of investigations into the misuse of Facebook data by the firm Cambridge Analytica and the aforementioned trends in personal data collection I see a need for tools that enable typical users of modern technology to close the loop between the automatic production of personal data and the ability to access, analyse and gain agency over these data streams in an engaging and accessible manner.